# Dotfiles

## THIS IS A WORK IN PROGRESS

For those that don't know, this is a repository of all configuration files for linux 
packages colloquially known as "dotfiles".  I use this across my machines and decided that I would
push it out to the world in case anyone needs a simple config.  Feel free to use my configurations
(especially my nvim) to your liking.  

## Description

nvim: My NVIM configuration is something that I recommend any NVIM newbie to look into 
(if you aren't trying to configure it yourself the first time).  It is simple, and 
doesn't have any wild functionality or confusing structure.  Some in depth info:

### File Structure

init.lua: Where the inital configuration of nvim is stored.  This will run when nvim opens.
You could most definitely just put most of all configuration in this file if you hated 
yourself, but instead for clarity and modularity, I use the builtin functionality of
Lazy.nvim to offload all of them into a plugin directory.

lazy-lock.lua: autogenerated by lazy, good idea to not touch if its working.

lua: all of our fun extra config that we are doing on top of nvim.
    plugins.lua: this is so that lua doesnt throw a fit, havent checked if its needed
    vim-options.lua: make my vim look pretty, all of my workflow config not related to a tool.
    plugins/*: all of the tools and their specific config.  When i got more time i will explain the 
    structure of the files. 

## Getting Started

### Dependencies

1. NVIM
2. All of the config files in the plugins directory.
3. Prob more but this is the first commit so gimme a break and let me do this later. 

### Installing

N/A

### Executing program
To start nvim with netrw file manager
```
nvim .
```
To open lazy once it is installed:
```
:Lazy
```

## Help

Message me if you need help.  I would love to help peeps getting the best config possible on their machine.  
I run arch btw but any of these configs should be somewhat portable to any machine, not sure about my window 
manager shtuff though. 

## Version History

* 0.2
    * Various bug fixes and optimizations
    * See [commit change]() or See [release history]()
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

Go watch the primeagen and typecraft on youtube, they are the only reason i have any understanding of the GNU/Linux operating system in general.
